hey guys the last tutorial I showed you
how to make a miniature origami king
cobra in this tutorial I'm going to show
you how to create a moving origami cube
and it's actually built up of these
little cubes right here so I'm going to
show you how to make that what you'll
need is a 7 by 7 piece of paper you can
make it using a regular piece of printer
paper but it's gonna end up again a
little too big so to start you're gonna
take your piece of paper what you want
to do is you want to fold it and half
just like that crease the edge in next
what you want to do is you want to take
this tip this edge right here and you
want to meet it to that center crease
that you just made and then fold it like
that do the same on this side just fold
it like that crease that in so you
should end up with something like this
next what you want to do is you want to
take the bottom end of this tip grab
that and pull it all the way up next
take this tip the top tip and fold it
downwards you should end up with what
looks like a parallelogram once you end
up with this you have to open it all the
way back up like this then there'll be a
small triangular protrusions right here
the edge and right here simply take that
and fold it underneath the flap right
here next take this tip
and fold it into that flood and then
close it over do the same on this side
take the small tip fold it inwards and
open this up a bit so you can take this
flap and then just push it all the way
in there make sure this goes on nicely
otherwise your cues want to interlock
properly so just push that in really
nicely and then she'd end up with this
parallelogram with the X in the center
so turn it away from the X so that you
have the smooth edge and take this tip
and fold this towards the center just
like that then take this tip and fold it
towards the center again and then simply
let go now
to create one cube you're going to need
six pieces of this so I've created six
pieces right here
once you have six pieces you're gonna
take two of the pieces you're gonna want
to hold one like this so that the tips
are facing up and down and hold one so
that the tips are going sideways take
this tip though for the one that's going
sideways take one of them and put it
into this slot right here next take
another piece and hold the tip so that
it's going sideways again and then
simply slide it into this middle piece
right here once you have this again take
another piece and this time hold it so
that the tips are up-and-down not
sideways so once you have that push this
end in just like that then take this tip
and push that in so now you've got the
sides of the square and now you have to
do the top and bottom so now you take it
open these flaps up so that you can put
the piece right here and make sure these
flaps are going sideways like this so
that you have a flap on each end and
then slide this flap into
I'm going to do it actually this way so
make sure the X is on top so slide this
flap into one edge like that and do the
same for the other side
slide that in then take this top flap
right here and put that in there like
that
take this flap right here and simply
push that in did that that's right there
then adjust it so that there are no
holes on the side here and next what you
want to do is you want to open the flaps
up on the top again take your piece of
paper put it sideways like this and
start inserting it in and then stick one
end into this
and stick the other end into this and
this should create your cube now once
you've made your cube you're going to
make I have to make a total of nine
cubes for this design so you can see
you've got three three and three some
nine so once you have your nine cubes
take the first one open up one of the
flaps like this right and this is going
to go into this one right there then
take your second piece and open up the
flap on the side here next what you're
going to do is take this first flap and
insert it into this little pocket right
there make sure that goes all the way in
the next fold this a little and insert
this into this pocket right there and if
you do this correctly you don't have to
use any tape or glue but if you really
want to you can it's not necessary so
once you do that what you want to do is
you want to align it align all the
pieces so that you have one at the
bottom then two then three then two and
then one again and once you have that
all attached you should be able to do
this once you do that simply create a
design on your cube doesn't matter what
is it can be whatever you want and if
you want you can turn it around and when
it goes the other way you can create
another design so that doesn't matter
which way you go you have a design on
each end and once you do that you should
have a finished amazing origami moving
cube and that's up to that so thanks for
watching guys